define our service level objectives (#423)
packit/packit.dev: content/docs/service-level-objectives.md

---
title: Service Level Objectives
date: 2022-03-31
weight: 10
---

# Service Level Objectives

Packit is using the concept of [Service level
objectives](https://sre.google/sre-book/service-level-objectives/) defined in
Google's SRE book. It means that when we run out of error budget, we stop all

> the feature work and work on stabilizing the service to get our budget back.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the work on new features and start stabilizing the service to get our budget back.
```
it just sounds a little better to me, so only a suggestion

Author: yup, I just realized it today when reading it again, thanks!

We have 3 objectives defined for Packit right now.

> Screenshots below are not being updated in real time. They are just a snapshot
> of the state in time when this document was written so that you can see some
> actual numbers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Screenshots below are not being updated in real time. They are just a snapshot
of the state in time when this document was written so that you can see some
actual numbers.*
```
